---
layout: page
title: Resources
redirect_from:
 - /resource/
permalink: resources/
metatags: noindex, follow
---

Here, I shared the resource, that I used into my website. Hope you like it.

## Site Details: ##

1. Jekyll: This site is generated by <a href="http://jekyllrb.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Jekyll</a> (A Ruby Based Static Site Generator).
 
2. Github Pages: This Site Is Proudly hosted on <a href="https://pages.github.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Github Pages</a>.

3. Boostrap: This site using <a href="http://getbootstrap.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Bootstrap framework</a> for design.

4. Cloudflare: Cloudflare give me Free CDN and Free SSL to make my site fast, and secure.

## Writing Tools ##

1. MarkdownPad: Jekyll Support Both HTML and Markdown file, and I am using <a href="http://markdownpad.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">MarkdownPad</a>(For Windows)to add heading, to make text bold, to add links, to add number/bullets into my blog post.

2. Proofreader: My all blog post is modified into Microsoft Word to check spelling and grammar. To correct grammar, I am using Grammarly Microsoft Plugin.


## Free Tools ##

1. Code Editors: Notepad ++, Atom and Brackets.

2. Google Tools : <a href="/google/analytics/">Google Analytics</a>, and Google Webmaster Tools, both are help me to improve my website for Users and Search Engine.

3. Feedburner: Yes, It is still alive(when people talk(in 2004), Feedburner is another dying product of Google just like Google Reader and Google code is dead in past). Feedburner helps me send free newsletter to my subscriber.

## Image Tools ##

1. Photoscap: Photoscap help me to crop and blur any part of my image very easily, I can also set quality to adjust my photo size.

2. Snagit: Snagit helps me to capture my screen, and provide excellent editing future to add arrows, numbers and lot of tooltips.

3. Image optimization: I am using <a href="https://pngquant.org/ ">PNGoo</a> to optimize my images in windows(Offline), And Later I use Google Pagespeed Tools to download compress files in very less size.